README.md, before:

[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.github.moriafly/salt-ui)](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:io.github.moriafly) [![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/moriafly/saltui/badge/main)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/moriafly/saltui/overview/main)

# Salt UI

Salt UI is UI components based on [Compose Multiplatform](https://github.com/JetBrains/compose-multiplatform). The 1.0 version is derived from some UI components of [Salt Player](https://github.com/Moriafly/SaltPlayerSource). Currently, Salt UI is used in Salt Player, Emo Scroll, Qinalt and other App to serve hundreds of thousands of users.

## Compatibility

| Salt UI        | Compose Multiplatform | Jetpack Compose |
|----------------|-----------------------|-----------------|
| 2.7.0-alpha01+ | 1.10.0-alpha01        | 1.10.0-alpha02  |
| 2.6.0-beta02+  | 1.9.0-rc01            | 1.9.0           |
| 2.6.0-beta01+  | 1.9.0-beta03          | 1.9.0-rc01      |
| 2.5.0-alpha05+ | 1.8.2                 | 1.8.2           |
| 2.4.0+         | 1.8.0                 | 1.8.0           |
| 2.3.1+         | 1.7.3                 | 1.7.6           |
| 2.3.0-alpha02+ | 1.7.1                 | 1.7.5           |
| 2.2.0+         | 1.7.0                 | 1.7.1           |
| 2.2.0-beta01+  | 1.7.0-rc01            | 1.7.0           |
| 2.2.0-alpha01+ | 1.7.0-beta02          |                 |
| 2.0.7+         | 1.7.0-alpha03         |                 |
| 2.0.4+         | 1.7.0-alpha02         |                 |
| < 2.0.4        | 1.6.11                |                 |

## Get started

Add dependency:

```kotlin
// Replace <TAG> with the latest version
// e.g. implementation("io.github.moriafly:salt-ui:2.6.0-beta02")
implementation("io.github.moriafly:salt-ui:<TAG>")
```

Simple start:

```kotlin
@Composable
fun App() {
    SaltTheme(
        configs = saltConfigs()
    ) {
        // ...
    }
}
```

See demo: [composeApp](https://github.com/Moriafly/SaltUI/tree/main/composeApp).

## Text Description and Translation Standards

See: [Salt UI Text Description and Translation Standards](https://moriafly.com/standards/tdts).

## License

See [LICENSE](LICENSE).

## Contribute

See [Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Thanks

- [compose-native-look](https://github.com/ComposeNativeLook/compose-native-look)
- [compose-fluent-ui](https://github.com/compose-fluent/compose-fluent-ui)

Commit message:

Update README with Google Play info and new badges
Added a stable release badge and a section detailing Google Play publishing considerations related to hidden APIs. Also updated the 'Thanks' section to include new acknowledgments.

README.md, after:

[![stable](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/Moriafly/SaltUI?sort=semver&display_name=release&label=stable&color=brightgreen)](https://github.com/JetBrains/compose-multiplatform/releases/latest)[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/io.github.moriafly/salt-ui)](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:io.github.moriafly) [![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/moriafly/saltui/badge/main)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/moriafly/saltui/overview/main)

# Salt UI

Salt UI is UI components based on [Compose Multiplatform](https://github.com/JetBrains/compose-multiplatform). The 1.0 version is derived from some UI components of [Salt Player](https://github.com/Moriafly/SaltPlayerSource). Currently, Salt UI is used in Salt Player, Emo Scroll, Qinalt and other App to serve hundreds of thousands of users.

## Compatibility

| Salt UI        | Compose Multiplatform | Jetpack Compose |
|----------------|-----------------------|-----------------|
| 2.7.0-alpha01+ | 1.10.0-alpha01        | 1.10.0-alpha02  |
| 2.6.0-beta02+  | 1.9.0-rc01            | 1.9.0           |
| 2.6.0-beta01+  | 1.9.0-beta03          | 1.9.0-rc01      |
| 2.5.0-alpha05+ | 1.8.2                 | 1.8.2           |
| 2.4.0+         | 1.8.0                 | 1.8.0           |
| 2.3.1+         | 1.7.3                 | 1.7.6           |
| 2.3.0-alpha02+ | 1.7.1                 | 1.7.5           |
| 2.2.0+         | 1.7.0                 | 1.7.1           |
| 2.2.0-beta01+  | 1.7.0-rc01            | 1.7.0           |
| 2.2.0-alpha01+ | 1.7.0-beta02          |                 |
| 2.0.7+         | 1.7.0-alpha03         |                 |
| 2.0.4+         | 1.7.0-alpha02         |                 |
| < 2.0.4        | 1.6.11                |                 |

## Get started

Add dependency:

```kotlin
// Replace <TAG> with the latest version
// e.g. implementation("io.github.moriafly:salt-ui:2.6.0-beta02")
implementation("io.github.moriafly:salt-ui:<TAG>")
```

Simple start:

```kotlin
@Composable
fun App() {
    SaltTheme(
        configs = saltConfigs()
    ) {
        // ...
    }
}
```

See demo: [composeApp](https://github.com/Moriafly/SaltUI/tree/main/composeApp).

## Text Description and Translation Standards

See: [Salt UI Text Description and Translation Standards](https://moriafly.com/standards/tdts).

## Google Play

Salt UI performs operations related to internal ART APIs. Please refer to the following solution for publishing on the Google Play platform.

> Google Play doesn't allow apps to use hidden APIs, reporting library usage will cause your app to fail app review, you need to disable dependencies info reporting in build.gradle. Remember to update this library to latest version to be compatible with new Android version.
>
> Quoted from **AndroidHiddenApiBypass**
>
> ```kotlin
>  android {
>      dependenciesInfo {
>          includeInApk = false
>          includeInBundle = false
>      }
>  }
>  ```

## License

See [LICENSE](LICENSE).

## Contribute

See [Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Thanks

- [AndroidHiddenApiBypass](https://github.com/LSPosed/AndroidHiddenApiBypass)
- [compose-native-look](https://github.com/ComposeNativeLook/compose-native-look)
- [compose-fluent-ui](https://github.com/compose-fluent/compose-fluent-ui)
- [haze](https://github.com/chrisbanes/haze)
